# LearningWithGPTs

## Modules with questions generated:
1. **CC0006**: Sustainability: Society, Economy and Environment
1. **SC2002**: Operating Systems

## Why
Since ChatGPT, I have been fascinated by what I can do with it. One of the things that got me excited was how GPTs can further enhance my learning. I bought ChatGPT 4.0 for a month and tested it out with the stuff I learnt in NTU Computer Engineering, and managed to get it to enhance my learning.

## What this is
A collection of GPT 4.0 generated questions based on my modules. I also asked ChatGPT (3.5) to generate a python script that facilitates the MCQ question-answer session based on the database of questions generated by GPT 4.0.

## Usage
1. `cd` into the folder you want to see
    ```shell
    cd Sustainability
    ```
1. run the python script
    ```shell
    python3 sus_main.py
    ```
1. have fun

## GPT Prompts used:

To generate questions:
> imagine you are the professor for this course. set a list of MCQ questions based on the contents provided to test on the students' understanding of the concepts learnt. the questions should promote critical thinking, and thus make some of it tricky, where there may be multiple answers. questions where students have to choose the "most correct" answers can also be set. true / false questions can also be set. questions with no correct answers can also be set.
>
>thereafter, format the questions, options, and answers according to this json format as an example:
>
>    [\
        {
            "question": "What is the capital of France?",
            "options": ["Paris", "London", "Rome", "Berlin"],
            "answer": "1"
        },\
        {
            "question": "Which planet is known as the Red Planet?",
            "options": ["Venus", "Mars", "Jupiter", "Saturn"],
            "answer": "2"
        },\
        {
            "question": "Who wrote 'To Kill a Mockingbird'?",
            "options": ["Mark Twain", "Harper Lee", "J.K. Rowling", "Ernest Hemingway"],
            "answer": "2"
        }\
    ]
>
>questions must not be repeated

To generate more questions
>generate 15 more of these, verify that the answers are correct by using your knowledge outside of the slides provided. if there exists conflicting information with the slides provided and what is actually true, state it 

## My thoughts
While using this can be kinda useful to revise the concepts learnt throughout the semester, I find that the questions and options generated are not of exam-quality, where the exam-set questions are typically harder (duh). 

GPTs seem to only be able to ask "typical" questions, and soon I was able to spot the trends in the questions generated -- and even tell the answer by looking at the options without even reading the question.

Are teachers / professors in danger with the rise with GPTs? I'd say if you're a teacher and you're afraid, then perhaps you're not suited to be a teacher in the first place :)